Modify openscap abbreviation and definition - 4.2 (#1727)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/openscap.adoc

== About SCAP

> The Security Certification and Authorization Package (SCAP) is a synthesis of interoperable specifications derived from community ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) is a synthesis of interoperable specifications derived from community ideas.
```

It is a line of specifications maintained by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) for maintaining system security for enterprise systems.

SCAP was created to provide a standardized approach to maintaining system security, and the standards that are used continually change to meet the needs of the community and enterprise businesses.
New specifications are governed by NIST's SCAP Release cycle to provide a consistent and repeatable revision work flow.

> For more information, see:
> http://scap.nist.gov/timeline.html
> https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/security-content-automation-protocol 
> https://www.open-scap.org/features/standards/
> https://ncp.nist.gov/repository?scap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see:

* http://scap.nist.gov/timeline.html
* https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/security-content-automation-protocol 
* https://www.open-scap.org/features/standards/
* https://ncp.nist.gov/repository?scap
```
